I get you know young men emailing me all
the time telling me they've lost all
their money FX trading crypto trading
and a lot of the time when they send me
those emails they say but don't worry I
figured it out now and from here I'm
going to make money and um it's
difficult to read those emails listen
trade them is gambling trade them is
gambling if if you go on I trade on IG
index which is a spread Bank platform it
says there on the front page like 75% of
accounts lose money I'm not losing money
and there's professionals on like me
that are not losing money and there's an
old saying if you don't know who the
idiot is at the poker table you're the
idiot listen professional Traders like
me if you go out you're you're trading
against me you know and it's dangerous
it's a dangerous thing for people to do